README.md, before:

# Robert Boscacci

Data engineer at [SilverRide](https://silverride.com/), working across Azure and AWS to help older adults get where they need to go. Former film colorist with [IMDb credits](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm4574526/) and author of [The Spring of Sight](https://robertboscacci.com/book/), a book about computer vision and where it's taking us as a society.

I went to a data science bootcamp in 2018 and never looked back. I work off a little gaming laptop and sometimes spin up EC2 spot instances for cloud-based dev, moving towards multi-agent workflows coordinated from my phone's SSH client.

I care about improving urban infrastructure. I moved from Brooklyn to Seattle and I'm still figuring out where to find good pizza out here — so in the meantime I'm perfecting my own biga dough. When I'm not baking or cold-brewing 3L of medium-light roast, I'm playing [Arc Raiders](https://www.arcraiders.com/) or (in warmer months) backpacking and rock climbing.

I write about [backpacking in the Olympics](https://robertboscacci.com/blog/2025/olympics-backpacking/), [MLOps meetups](https://robertboscacci.com/blog/2023/2023-06-22_spotify_mlops_meetup/), [entrepreneurship notes](https://robertboscacci.com/blog/2024/2024-01/2024-01-20_entrepreneurship/), and other things on [my blog](https://robertboscacci.com/blog/). Longer-form technical work lives on my [projects page](https://robertboscacci.com/projects/).

Commit message:

Swap pizza dig for Flickr mention

README.md, after:

# Robert Boscacci

Data engineer at [SilverRide](https://silverride.com/), working across Azure and AWS to help older adults get where they need to go. Former film colorist with [IMDb credits](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm4574526/) and author of [The Spring of Sight](https://robertboscacci.com/book/), a book about computer vision and where it's taking us as a society.

I went to a data science bootcamp in 2018 and never looked back. I work off a little gaming laptop and sometimes spin up EC2 spot instances for cloud-based dev, moving towards multi-agent workflows coordinated from my phone's SSH client.

I care about improving urban infrastructure. I moved from Brooklyn to Seattle and I've been meaning to revitalize my [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/rboscacci1/). When I'm not perfecting biga pizza dough or cold-brewing 3L of medium-light roast, I'm playing [Arc Raiders](https://www.arcraiders.com/) or (in warmer months) backpacking and rock climbing.

I write about [backpacking in the Olympics](https://robertboscacci.com/blog/2025/olympics-backpacking/), [MLOps meetups](https://robertboscacci.com/blog/2023/2023-06-22_spotify_mlops_meetup/), [entrepreneurship notes](https://robertboscacci.com/blog/2024/2024-01/2024-01-20_entrepreneurship/), and other things on [my blog](https://robertboscacci.com/blog/). Longer-form technical work lives on my [projects page](https://robertboscacci.com/projects/).
